Who are you? Who sent you to die?
One doesn't need to know so many things
Ghost kings, Wang Defu sent you here, right?
You ask him to send more experts
Now that you know who I am
Then I can't keep you.
You've been hiding
Why didn't you fight back?
If I were to make a move, you would already be dead. Arrogant
This doesn't look like martial arts
Who the hell are you?
You were scared away
This plexus recurs once every half a month
If there is an antidote, it could be the heart
It's a miserable situation
No need to talk nonsense there
You don't care if I live or die
Get out if you know
What are you doing?
Just you!
The police know we fought here
It won't be clear by then